1) How to Print duplicate characters from String?
For example if String is "Java" then program should print "a". Bonus points if your program is robust and handle different kinds of input e.g. String without duplicate, null or empty String etc. Bonus points if you also write unit tests for normal and edge cases.

2) How to check if two Strings are anagrams of each other?
Two strings are anagrams if they are written using the same exact letters, ignoring space, punctuation and capitalization. Each letter should have the same count in both strings. For example, Army and Mary are anagram of each other. 3) How to program to print first non-repeated character from String?

3) How to program to print first non-repeated character from String?
For Example if given String is "Morning" then it should print "M". This question demonstrates efficient use of Hashtable. We scan the string from left to right counting the number occurrences of each character in a Hashtable. Then we perform a second pass and check the counts of every character. Whenever we hit a count of 1 we return that character, that’s the first unique letter.

4) How to reverse String in Java using Iteration and Recursion?
Your task is to write a program to reverse String in Java without using StringBuffer class. You also need to provide both iterative and recursive algorithm for String reversal. You can use other String utility methods e.g. charAt(), toCharArray() or substring() from java.lang.String class.


 5) How to check if a String contains only digits?
You need to write a program to check a String contains only numbers by using Regular expression in Java.

6) How to find duplicate characters in a String?
You need to write a program to print all duplicate character and their count in Java. For example if given String is "Programming" then your program should print g : 2 r : 2 m : 2 


7) How to count number of vowels and consonants in a String?
One of easiest String question you will ever see. You have to write a Java program which will take a String input and print out number of vowels and consonants on that String. For example the if input is "Java" then your program should print "2 vowels and 2 consonants".


8) How to convert numeric String to an int?
For example, if you pass "67263" to the program then it should return 67263. Make sure your solution is robust i.e. it should be able to handle + and - character, null and empty String, integer overflow and other corner cases. Bonus points if you come up with good unit test cases.


9) How to replace each given character to other e.g. blank with %20?

Write a Java program to replace a given character in a String to other provided character, for example if you are asked to replace each blank in a String with %20, similar to URL encoding done by the browser, so that Server can read all request parameters. For example if the input is "Java is Great" and asked to replace space with %20 then it should be "Java%20is%20Great